Adjust asynchronous-invocation guide (#30)
ballerina-guides/asynchronous-invocation: README.md

### Create the project structure

> To initialize Ballerina project use `ballerina new <project-name>` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initialize a Ballerina project, use the `ballerina new <project-name>` command.
```

> For our current project we can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our current project, use the following command:
```

```
ballerina new asynchronous-invocation
```

> And then navigate into `asynchronous-invocation` directory and to create Ballerina modules command `ballerina create <module-name>` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `asynchronous-invocation` directory, and execute the `ballerina create <module-name>`command to create the required Ballerina modules.
```

```
ballerina create stock_quote_data_backend
ballerina create stock_quote_summary_service
```

> Your file structure will be similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your file structure will be similar to the following:
```

```
├── Ballerina.toml
├── src
│   ├── stock_quote_data_backend
│   │   ├── Module.md
│   │   ├── main.bal
│   │   ├── resources
│   │   └── tests
│   │       ├── main_test.bal
│   │       └── resources
│   └── stock_quote_summary_service
│       ├── Module.md
│       ├── main.bal
│       ├── resources
│       └── tests
│           ├── main_test.bal
│           └── resources
└── tests
    └── resources
```

> To learn more about how to structure Ballerina code in a proejct please refer [How to Structure Ballerina Code](https://ballerina.io/learn/how-to-structure-ballerina-code/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how to structure Ballerina code in a proejct, see [How to Structure Ballerina Code](https://ballerina.io/learn/how-to-structure-ballerina-code/).
```

 - resource path `/APPL` with response `"APPL, Apple Inc., 165.22"` 
 - resource path `/MSFT` with response `"MSFT, Microsoft Corporation, 95.35"` 

> NOTE: You can find the complete implementation of the stock_quote_data_backend [here]([stock_quote_data_backend/stock_backend.bal](https://github.com/ballerina-guides/asynchronous-invocation/tree/master/guide))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For the complete implementation of the `stock_quote_data_backend`, see  [stock_quote_data_backend/stock_backend.bal](https://github.com/ballerina-guides/asynchronous-invocation/tree/master/guide)
```

- `@docker:Config` annotation is used to provide the basic Docker image configurations for the sample. `@docker:Expose {}` is used to expose the port.

> - Now you can build a Ballerina executable of the service that we developed above, using the following command. It points to the service file that we developed above and it will create an executable binary out of that. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now, you can build a Ballerina executable of the service that we developed above using the following command. It points to the service file that we developed above and it will create an executable binary out of that. 
```

> This will also create the corresponding Docker image using the Docker annotations that you have configured above. Navigate to `asynchronous-invocation/guide/asynchronous-invocation` and run the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will also create the corresponding Docker image using the Docker annotations that you have configured above. Navigate to the `asynchronous-invocation/guide/asynchronous-invocation` directory and run the following command.
```

## Observability 
Ballerina is by default observable. Meaning you can easily observe your services, resources, etc.

> However, observability is disabled by default via configuration. Observability can be enabled by adding following configurations to `ballerina.conf` file and starting the ballerina service using it. A sample configuration file can be found in `asynchronous-invocation/guide/asynchronous-invocation/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, observability is disabled by default via configuration. Observability can be enabled by adding following configurations to the `ballerina.conf` file and starting the Ballerina service, which uses it. A sample configuration file can be found in the `asynchronous-invocation/guide/asynchronous-invocation/` directory.
```

To start the ballerina service using the configuration file, run the following command

```
   $ ballerina run --config stock_quote_summary_service/ballerina.conf stock_quote_summary_service
```

> NOTE: The above configuration is the minimum configuration needed to enable tracing and metrics. With these configurations default values are load as the other configuration parameters of metrics and tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The above configuration is the minimum configuration needed to enable tracing and metrics. With these configurations, default values are load as the other configuration parameters of metrics and tracing.
```
